In some applications you need to know what your app is running on.
Is it Iowa.
Is it Android.
Maybe you even need more specific information.
Is it an iPad or an iPhone.
And that is super easy to find out in ionic too in the app component.
We already see that there is something in Jack that here the platform.
And this is of type platform which is imported from ionic angular.
Now that is exactly what we can use to not only check once the platform has been finished initialising
but also to get some extra information about the platform.
And you can do this of course anywhere in your application.
So I will do it here in the home file and there in the constructor.
I'll inject the platform here too and bind it to a private property named platform.
So of type platform which you need to import from ionic Engler.
And with this I can simply console log this platform.
And now we get a couple of useful methods.
The one I'm interested here is platforms.
Well this Mefford gives us back something.
Let's have a look at what the something is.
I own it servers already running here so I'll save this and let it recompile and that's no watch to
log what we will get.
See this area here at the very top.
It's mobile iOS iPhone mobile web.
So this is what it determined here for my example where I use iPhone 6 as an emulator or a kind of let's
switch just to the Nexus 5 x and reload this application.
You now see it's mobile Android phablet mobile web.
And this is information you can get.
It always has this structure.
It starts with the most generic term which is mobile it's a mobile application and it gives you this
differentiation because theoretically with ionic too you can audible progressive Web app which can run
them both the Web and the mobile device.
But here we have a native Apso it clearly is mobile.
Then we have Android.
Well that is the operating system of course and that we have phablet.
So which kind of device is it.
And then we have mobile Web as an additional category.
Now you can do more than just print the platforms.
You can also use that knowledge.
For example let's say in our home that HDMI file we get three paragraphs here.
The first one says iOS.
The second one says iPhone and the third one simply say its Android.
Now I'm going to get rid of all the content what I want to do is I only want to show the paragraphs
which are correct.
So to do this I can now simply use the platform which I inject to your right.
So I object that this unbounded to this platform property and at N-G is here now I can access this platform
property and there do more than just platforms I could kind of check of this array holds iOS but there
also is a not very useful method.
There is method here.
We can't pass one of the strings we saw in that array in the console log.
For example I can check if this is Wes and be sure to write this all lowercase.
Now on the phone here I will check if it is an iPhone.
Of course you need to know the possible values this can give you so it's a good thing to check those
first with the platform's method you see here but this is then how you can utilize this information
here I'm going to check if it's Android.
Now let me save this to not only print out information I have but also will adjust what I see in this
application to show you how powerful this is.
Because with this you can basically change how your application will behave at runtime depending on
the device you're using as it can of course not only use this here in your that should be lower case
P as you can of course is not only used as here in the template to show or hide stuff but anywhere in
your code you could use the if statement to only run some code.
If the platform is Iowa for example and here this code would never get executed if you're running this
on Android.
So this is how powerful this is and how you might use this